Community, we're looking forward to a major series of highly interesting events, talks and happenings within our Community. Whether it's an on-site Community Hackathon, exciting lightning talks or great sessions, there will be something for everyone! Let's make the closing rush for this year a great experience for our community. So don't forget to subscribe to our public calendar and join the party!

Outcomes for our R4 cycle

We’ve recently published Release 3 and with that we immediately started our R4 cycle. While the majority of planning is done in our team meetings, Kurt, Christian and Felix prepared some initial work. Features, functionality and what they offer to SCS Operators and Users are the heart of development and the level on which we often discuss in the planning sessions. Features as part of user stories come together in epics. When we look at SCS and the releases, we don’t just want to “throw a bunch of features over the fence”. We want to enable operators of cloud computing infrastructure, we want to provide building blocks for digital sovereignty for operators to provide innovative offers to their customers. The outcomes for our stakeholders, primarily the operators, is what we focus on when describing our goals for R4.

Only 2 weeks left: SCS Community Hackathon 2022

Are you as excited as we are? Only two weeks left until we finally meet in Cologne for our first SCS Community Hackathon. Join the preparations, organize a hacking/topic session and gather your friends around the table!

Lightning talk on ZITADEL

We're looking forward to series of upcoming lightning talks featuring the various success stories in our community. Join us on 2022-11-24 at 15:45 CET to learn why Wavecon is realizing their IAM with ZITADEL and don't miss this live demonstration of Wavestack's authentication flow.

It's coffee time ☕

The Lean SCS Operator Coffee is one of our building blocks to foster open operations within our community. Join us on 2022-11-14 at 15:05 CET to exchange operational experience and build bridges between our Operators.

Let's hear it for our Triathlon participants! 🥁

Thank you for your active participation in our SCS Community Triathlon 2022, we are still overwhelmed by your enthusiasm and the great feedback. You are awesome! Let’s hear it our for our winners and participants!

Final sprint for our Open Operations Manifesto

We are on the home stretch of completing a first draft for our Open Operations Manifesto, with which we would like to approach a broader audience for finalization. Join the discussion for this important milestone on building a community of practice and transparency for operations.

Join us on the Fediverse

Did you know that our beloved friends from the OpenInfra Foundation joined us on the Fediverse? We are delighted about the brisk traffic in Mastodon right now. It's never too late to join the party. Come to the federated side – we have toots!
