Community, After the smooth release of R3 of our reference implementation, we are heading with full sails towards release 4. We thank everyone who contributed to this further milestone and are already looking forward to continue working with you on SCS! Several workshops are currently taking place to anticipate and collaboratively plan the various outcomes for the upcoming release. You want to be part of this process and get involved? Join us! We're an open community and are happy to join forces with you. Contact us and we will arrange an on-boarding call with you to support you in your first steps within our community.

Community Hackathon 2022

After all these months of attending virtual meetings, it's about time for a physical get-together! Let's meet for a memorable day in Cologne and work together on our joint mission: defining, implementing and operating a fully open, federated, compatible platform. With great support from PlusServer, we would like to invite you to our first official community hackathon in Cologne. Don't miss this opportunity to meet all the familiar faces from the tiny little video tiles, to contribute to Sovereign Cloud Stack and to spend a great evening together. Our host, PlusServer, is happy to provide us with beverages and food during the day.

Welcome Max!

We have yet again great news to share: Max Wolfs joined our project team last week as our new Knowledge Management Engineer. He will orchestrate contributions to our knowledge base and structure the processes to document the collected experience. Please give him a warm welcome!

SCS at at Gaia-X Hackathon #5

As previously, our community engaged in the Gaia-x Hackathon #5 on September 26 – 27, 2022. We joined forces with the team from walt.id, which in the end proved to be a great opportunity and resulted in an interesting use case. Read more about what we achieved during these two exciting days in our summary.

Cloud Expo Europe and OSBA Partnership

In May of this year, we participated at Cloud Expo Europe with our own booth to provide information about our project and to emphasize the importance of digital sovereignty in the cloud domain. We want to continue this success in the coming year and inform you about the special offers for OSBA members in a free webinar.

SCS Community Triathlon

You took the challenge - and you successfully mastered it! More than 50 participants registered for our SCS Community Triathlon 2022 and 10 teams submitted their times. Special thanks go of course again to B1 Systems GmbH and Univention GmbH for sponsoring the running shirts. We will now evaluate your results and publish them as soon as possible - of course we will inform you again accordingly.

SCS featured in Datenschutz und Datensicherheit

Manuela and Kurt wrote a great article about SCS that has been published in the latest issue of the renowned and often quoted German journal "Datenschutz und Datensicherheit". This is a huge success to make our project more visible in the public sector!

We asked... What is Open Operations?

Let's listen to Christian Berendt, CEO of OSISM GmbH, about why SCS is working on a principle called Open Operations and what outcomes we expect to achieve. We would especially like to thank Univention, OSISM, and PlusServer for making this campaign possible. Be excited for more impressions from the OpenInfra Summit 2022!
