Community, you may have wondered why you haven't received further issues of this community digest during the last two weeks. The preparations around the Cloud Expo Europe have taken up all our time and the preparations of the OpenInfra Summit now follow seamlessly. Of course, this is no reason to let this wonderful format slide! Cheer up, here comes issue #16 of the SCS Community Digest with brand new information about our secret meetup in Berlin, an announcement of our new partner overview and as always a loud call to action!

You're invited to our secret party in Berlin!

Many of us will be at the OpenInfra Summit in Berlin next month. What a great opportunity to gather as a community for a beer, don't you think? We would like to say a big thank you for all your contributions during the last years and therefore invite you to a community party at a still secret location. You want to join us on the evening of June 8 in Berlin? Great! Please send a short notice to Bianca (hollery@osb-alliance.com). We'll send you more details on this meetup at end of next week. This much we can already reveal: the theme of our Community Summit 2021 will be continued! Image by MeTaMiND EvoLuTioN MeTaVoLuTioN, CC BY-SA 2.0, via Wikimedia Commons

Have a look at our new service partner overview!

Thank you for contributing to our new service partner overview during the last weeks. This is an important step in providing interested partners an easy access to our technology and making the Sovereign Cloud Stack project successful. Would you like to become part of our ecosystem? Reach out and let us discuss the next steps!

Proposals for Gaia-X Hackathon #4

The next Gaia-X Hackathon will take place on June 20–21 and is calling for proposals. Are you interested in working together with the Gaia-X community and contribute to this successful event? Have a look at the corresponding wiki page if you plan to propose your idea to the organizers of Gaia-X Hackathon #4. Hurry up, the proposal deadline is May 26, 2022!
