Dear Community, during the last weeks we worked hard and successful on the release planning for R5. Soon you get the details. The other topic which is demanding a lot of our attention is our SCS Summit in Berlin in May where we will celebrate the progress and success of the SCS project. Will you celebrate with us? Greetings from Friederike: I´m with the community for two weeks now and very impressed by your spirit, your open and productive meetings and the progress the project is making because of you! Thanks for welcoming me so warmly. We wish you a well deserved labor day. Stay save and healthy!

Discussion wanted

Kurt wrote this document [Why do we need to standardize flavors and flavor names?](https://input.scs.community/Why-Standardized-Flavors-And-Names) to inspire the discussion around mandatory flavors, discovery and naming. But it was not clear how to best discuss it. So he opened issue [standards/#271](https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack/standards/issues/271) which links standards/#272-#283 in order to discuss the questions and collect a lot of feedback. We want to be in a position to finish the discussion in the overflow slot on May 8 - the more considerations we can collect before, the better, obviously.

SCS ecosystem on stage

SCS on stage with great panelists from our community to talk about the project and all the possibilies it provides: Kurt Garloff - CTO SCS, Lauresha Memeti - Technical Project Manager Gaia-X Federation Services, Michel Raabe - Cloud Solutions Architect B1 Systems, Christian Schmitz - Director Open Source PlusServer, and Christian Berendt - CEO OSISM.

SCS in Amsterdam?

Did you find "Amsterdam" in our repositories? Good! You were activly contributing. The answer what that means is: the community decided to get better transparency and order in our code that´s why sprints are named in alphabethical order, beginning with Amsterdam. How could we proceed? Reach out to our community chat in matrix.

Tech-Talk

ALASCA e.V. is offering talks about sovereign cloud infrastructure 100% open source. And SCS contributors are quite present in this series, i.e. Kurt Garloff who introduces the standardization in the SCS.

Something missing?

Friederike as Community Manager is quite new to our community, if you miss something (here or in meetings or in general) reach out to her. She appreciates every hint, advice, information (about events, discussions, ...).
