Community, even though we are in the middle of the vacation season, we don't want to hold back our beloved Community Digest gathering all the news from our project. Find out what happened in the past two weeks and how you can support us. We look forward to seeing you all again next week!

Call for Action: Community Mentorship Program

Joining an open source community of an already advanced project can be very hard. The high amount of existing repositories and information on our website can be overwhelming at first glance. With an mentorship program, we want to help newcomers to easily join our teams and lower the barrier for contributing to SCS. If you should be interesting in becoming a mentor, please send out a short message to Eduard and express your interest in joining our mentorship group. Your commitment to this new program will help us to sustainably grow a healthy community that fosters our joint mission – putting users and providers in control. Thank you!

A 5th open paradigm - Open Operations

To gain real DevOps and true transparency we introduced the 5th open paradigm: Open Operations. That means transparent processes, advanced collaboration, error culture, and open documentation. Learn how we want to foster the paradigm in this interview with Friederike from The Cloud Report.

Reminder: Subscribe to our new calendar!

As we have announced in issue #17 of this community digest, we switched to collaboratively managing our meetings on GitHub. Don't forget to have a look at our new "Contribute to SCS" page and to subscribe to our new public community calendar. The old calendar will no longer be maintained!

Call for Sponsorships: Community Triathlon 2022

Remember how we gathered for a virtual run last year? That's right, it is roughly a year ago! It's time to dust off your sneakers again and get ready for our annual community sport event. You want to support the SCS Triathlon 2022? We are still looking for sponsors for team shirts! Contact Bianca or Eduard if you are interested in a cooperation!

We asked... What is Sovereign Cloud Stack?

Let's listen to our CTO Kurt Garloff about how SCS puts providers and users back in full control of their IT! This is only a first sneak preview of more videos that will follow very soon. We would especially like to thank Univention, OSISM, and PlusServer for making this campaign possible. Be excited for more impressions from the OpenInfra Summit 2022!
