Dear Community, for more than two months I have been part of the SCS team now. These were eventful months with a lot of impressions, experiences and learnings like PR which meens obviously Pull request (and not press release as I was used to...) Thank you all for welcoming me with such open arms! It was and is a pleasure to meet you. You all give me time and space to grow, to learn, to shape the project and the community. Stay save and healthy! Best wisches, Friederike

Looking for a valued aim

During the last two years the SCS community was very successful in achieving sporting goals in the SCS run and the SCS Triathlon. This year we want to continue. The idea is that we want to make a sponsored run/walk/ride/swim. Sponsors confirm to give a little sum for each 10 kilometers which were run (or every 20 km walk and so on) and we donate the collected money to a social project or initiative. This project or initiative should be connected with SCS topics or values. Do you know a project or initiative which is worth to be gifted? Please send us your ideas! Post them in our Matrix channel with #socialsport and a description of the project or initiative. Later we will have a poll with your guesses.

SCS at DOST

The Call for Proposals is now open for DOST [Deutsche Open Source Tage](https://deutsche-opensource-tage.de/) in November in Berlin. SCS is an important part of the German (and not only German...) open source communities, so we would love to have a lot of talks at the conference from and about SCS. Think about submitting a talk, let´s brainstorm topics, and become present at DOST.

Your opinion is needed

We want to improve our documentation and the usage of SCS. Therefor we need your input. Please answer the 11 questions of our survey. We appriciate that very much.

Central API mini hackathon

Our next mini hackathon will take place in Arnsberg (near Dortmund) at Gonicus at 2023-07-18. Topic is Central API, time and schedule will be announced, soon. Please, reach out to Felix and Oliver for registration and more information.

SIG Standardization/Certification

Our Special Interest Group to discuss and align activities and approach to standardization and certification. This group discuss strategy and most importantly align on which standards we need and work with the teams to align on existing or to be created standards. Bi-weekly Thursday 14:05 CEST

Lightning Talk about OpenStack Image Manager

On the 2023-06-29 Felix Kronlage-Dammers and Christian Berendt will introduce the [OpenStack Image Manger](https://github.com/osism/openstack-image-manager) in the next Lighting Talk right after our community Call 15:45 CEST. Stay tuned.

Subscriber wanted

We published all the talks and panels from our SCS Summit on youtube. In the Sovereign Cloud Stack Channel. Do you know that channel already? Check it out and become a subscriber!
