Dear Community, a lot of you joined us in Berlin at the SCS Summit - our highlight of this spring. It was a pleasure to meet you all in person. For us it was important to proof that our software stack and our standards have an impact on open source communities, the society, and also business. Thank you for your support, your input, and your usage of SCS.  Best wishes, Friederike and the SCS team

Thinking of SCS

"Numerous high-caliber presentations and exciting speakers ensured a day full of informative and inspiring moments at the SCS Summit 2024. It was impressive to see how much interest and goodwill there was from all sides - a clear sign that the Sovereign Cloud Stack is hitting the nerve of the times..." Do you want to read more about the Summit? (sorry, only in German)

Forum SCS?

At the SCS Summit the "Forum Sovereign Cloud Stack" within the OSBA was announced, it is planed to be installed during the next months. This has taken up the cause of continuing the development of open standards and thus also enabling SCS certification. Founding members of the forum are (in alphabetical order): aov IT.Services GmbH, artcodix UG, B1 Systems GmbH, Cloud&Heat Technologies GmbH, OSISM GmbH, plusserver GmbH, ScaleUp Technologies GmbH, secunet Security Networks AG and SysEleven GmbH. They all rely on SCS and the open standards. And they want to continue to support and drive this forward in the long term.

Faster Improvement

One of the goals of the SCS project is enabling quick minor releases so that improvements and benefits reach the operators as well as their customers faster. In the beginning of May OSISM 7.0.3 was released which containes fixes of known issues from R6. These improvements were made:

Good Documentation

The SCS project is a complex open source project using upstream technology and developing own software. This makes the documentation of results even more challenging than it already is to write docs. Max will talk about the approach of the SCS Docs and give insights of the implementation of the documentation. Join us to share your experiences.

SCS certified

At our SCS Summit Jens Plogsties from SysEleven announced: We are now Sovereign Cloud Stack (SCS) certified! The certification makes it much easier for our customers to migrate their workloads from other SCS-compliant cloud providers to SysEleven.
