Community, this week we had some great discussions with various organizations interested in our community and we're looking forward to start working with you! It's great to see how our joint mission is accepted and keeps attracting companies, associations and individuals alike. This is also a very good occasion to further simplify the entry into our community and to keep the hurdles as low as possible. Last week we started to introduce an open calendar that can be collaboratively maintained on GitHub. This week we have yet another great announcement: open meeting minutes! Read more about our plans to further improve transparency, how OSISM is assuring code quality and what else is on the schedule for the upcoming week!

Open meeting minutes

Felix and Eduard are constantly on the lookout to reduce the barrier of interaction within the SCS community and to improve both, transparency and openness. Thus far we did not have (aside from the awesome minutes of the weekly community call - thanks Jonas) any real established way of consistently taking minutes of the technical team calls. As such, Felix will start an experiment for the next few weeks:  For each of the technical teams we have an Etherpad where the structure of the meeting is layed out upfront (prepared by the PO for the team) Within this Etherpad the minutes are collaboratively taken and afterwards persisted into the GitHub repository minutes Most of the items being discussed should be recorded in corresponding GitHub issues anyways, for these items a deep-link to the issue will just be added to the Etherpad 

Improving and assuring the overall quality of the foundation of SCS

Uniform and well readable code increases readability, understandability, security, quality and reusability. However, since every engineer has his own writing style and there are no clear guidelines. Ramona has published a post on how OSISM is improving and assuring their overall quality.

Special guest: Sebastian Schuberth from OSS Review Toolkit

We are happy to announce that Sebastian Schuberth, founder of OSS Review Toolkit (ORT), will join us during our regular Team OPS meeting on 2022-07-21, 10:05 CEST to present ORT and be available to answer your questions. Thank you for this great opportunity, Sebastian!

Team Container workshop

Upcoming monday on 2022-07-18, 15:05 CEST, Sven from Syself will present an idea on a operator-based approach to lifecycle management of k8s Cluster API. Join us to further foster and discuss the ideas we created during the last Team CaaS sessions.

Lean SCS Operator coffee

From the community of the SCS Operators came the request to have a format where the operators are able to interact and share their experiences in operating SCS environments. Felix published a post about the last lean coffee session.
